Updated readme (#266)
qonversion/react-native-sdk: README.md

    Qonversion
</h1>

Qonversion - In-app subscription monetization: implement subscriptions and grow your app’s revenue with A/B experiments 

* In-app subscription management SDK
* API and webhooks to make your subscription data available where you need it
* Seamless Stripe integration to enable cross-platform access management
* Subscribers CRM with user-level transactions
* Instant access to real-time subscription analytics
* Built-in A/B experiments for subscription business model

<p align="center">
     <a href="https://qonversion.io"><img width="90%" src="https://qcdn3.sfo3.digitaloceanspaces.com/github/qonversion_platform.png">
     </a>
</p>

> [![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/Qonversion.svg?style=flat)](https://documentation.qonversion.io/docs/ios-sdk-setup)
> [![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/Qonversion.svg?style=flat)](https://documentation.qonversion.io/docs/ios-sdk-setup#install-via-cocoapods)
> [![Carthage compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://documentation.qonversion.io/docs/ios-sdk-setup#install-via-carthage)
> [![SwiftPM compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/SwiftPM-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://documentation.qonversion.io/docs/ios-sdk-setup#install-via-swift-package-manager)

Author: ```suggestion
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native-qonversion)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-qonversion)
```

## Have a question?

> Contact us via [issues on GitHub](https://github.com/qonversion/qonversion-ios-sdk/issues) or [ask a question](https://documentation.qonversion.io/discuss-new) on the site.

Author: ```suggestion
Contact us via [issues on GitHub](https://github.com/qonversion/react-native-sdk/issues) or [ask a question](https://documentation.qonversion.io/discuss-new) on the site.
```
